README.md, before:

# Playground

#### First time? check out our [website](https://www.pommerman.com) for more information and our [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/wjVJEDc) to join the community.

Playground hosts Pommerman, a clone of Bomberman built for AI research. People from around the world submit agents that they've trained to play. We run regular competitions on our servers and report the results and replays.

There are three variants for which you can enter your agents to compete:

* FFA: Free For All where four agents enter and one leaves. It tests planning, tactics, and cunning. The board is fully observable.
* Team: 2v2 where two teams of agents enter and one team wins. It tests cooperation, planning, and tactics. The board is fully observable. The agents on each team were submitted by different creators and randomly paired.
* Team Radio: Like team in that a it's a 2v2 game. Differences are that the agents on each team were both submitted by the same creator, they each have a radio that they can use to convey 2 words from a dictionary of size 8 each step, and the board is partially observed.

#### Why should I participate?

* You are a machine learning researcher and similarly recognize the lack of approachable benchmarks for this subfield. Help us rectify this and prove that your algorithm is better than others.
* You want to contribute to multi agent or communication research. This is first and foremost a platform for doing research and everything that we do here will eventually get published with generous (or primary) support from us.
* You really like(d) Bomberman and are fascinated by AI. This is a great opportunity to learn how to build intelligent agents.
* You want the glory of winning an AI competition. We are going to publicize the results widely.
* You think AI is dumb and can make a deterministic system that beats any learned agent.

#### How do I train agents?

Most open-source research tools in this domain have been designed with single agents in mind. We will be developing resources towards standardizing multi-agent learning. In the meantime, we have provided an example training script in train_with_tensorforce.py. It demonstrates how to wrap the Pommerman environments such that they can be trained with popular libraries like TensorForce.

#### How do I submit agents that I have trained?

The setup for submitting agents will be live shortly. It involves making a [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/) container that runs your agent. We then read and upload your docker file via Github OAuth. You retain the ownership and license of the agents. We will not look at or use your code; we are just going to run your agent in competitions on our servers. We have an example agent that already works and further instructions are in the games/a/docker directory.

#### Who is running this?

[Cinjon Resnick](http://twitter.com/cinjoncin), [Denny Britz](https://twitter.com/dennybritz), [David Ha](https://twitter.com/hardmaru), and [Jakob Foerster](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jakobfoerster/) are the folks behind this. We are generously supported by a host of other people, including [Kyunghyun Cho](https://twitter.com/kchonyc), [Joan Bruna](https://twitter.com/joanbruna), [Julian Togelius](http://julian.togelius.com/) and [Jason Weston](https://research.fb.com/people/weston-jason/). You can find us in the [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/wjVJEDc).

#### How can I help?

To see the ways you can get invovled with the project head over to our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/MultiAgentLearning/playground/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and checkout our current [issues](https://github.com/MultiAgentLearning/playground/issues).

Commit message:

Graphics Update
added images.

add dummy agent as a normal agent.

added sprite manager and sprite viewer.

fixed merge conflicts

more work on the sprite manager

Merge branch 'master' into Sprite-Update

sprites now working some what correctly

updated mapping. made tiles bigger

added logic to show agents, and to show fog if enabled.

updated the way the board is rendered. updated titles

started rgb viewer. update pomme viewer

updated sprites and naming. added fonts. added margin and border. updated the image array to a dict.

updated naming

fixed conflicts

really removed utility.py

moved graphics and resources out of envs.

added player status at the top. added title. added mode, step, and time to the bottom

add fog support

updated docs. made suggested changes

"finished
" PixelViewer

pixel viewer is working.

start of adding groups. updated agent tiles

fixed conflict

fixed conflict

fixed conflict

Callback for episode_end and fix the tie reward to be -1 for all agents.

Fix navigation in README

80char style adjustments.

fix notebooks errors with new function names

continue

Add link to docs

Fix file name

Add human players info

Fix formatting for link to docs

Language updates, absolute paths

Merge branch 'master' into Sprite-Update

Moved Graphics to its own file. Added image and font resources.

removed an unused method

fixed a spelling error, fixed formatting error, added consistent modes between difficulties

added render mode as cli arg and a make option

moved something shared functionality out of viewers. made changes to the setup env. updated evn render method

fixed file formatting

updated v0 init adding commit to mode

fixed a small bug with recording json

fixed conflicts

fixed board flipping

README.md, after:

# Playground

> First time? check out our [website](https://www.pommerman.com) for more information,
> our [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/wjVJEDc) to join the community,
> or read the [documentation](./docs) to get started.

Playground hosts Pommerman, a clone of Bomberman built for AI research. People from around the world submit agents that they've trained to play. We run regular competitions on our servers and report the results and replays.

There are three variants for which you can enter your agents to compete:

* FFA: Free For All where four agents enter and one leaves. It tests planning, tactics, and cunning. The board is fully observable.
* Team: 2v2 where two teams of agents enter and one team wins. It tests cooperation, planning, and tactics. The board is fully observable. The agents on each team were submitted by different creators and randomly paired.
* Team Radio: Like team in that a it's a 2v2 game. Differences are that the agents on each team were both submitted by the same creator, they each have a radio that they can use to convey 2 words from a dictionary of size 8 each step, and the board is partially observed.

#### Why should I participate?

* You are a machine learning researcher and similarly recognize the lack of approachable benchmarks for this subfield. Help us rectify this and prove that your algorithm is better than others.
* You want to contribute to multi agent or communication research. This is first and foremost a platform for doing research and everything that we do here will eventually get published with generous (or primary) support from us.
* You really like(d) Bomberman and are fascinated by AI. This is a great opportunity to learn how to build intelligent agents.
* You want the glory of winning an AI competition. We are going to publicize the results widely.
* You think AI is dumb and can make a deterministic system that beats any learned agent.

#### How do I train agents?

Most open-source research tools in this domain have been designed with single agents in mind. We will be developing resources towards standardizing multi-agent learning. In the meantime, we have provided an example training script in train_with_tensorforce.py. It demonstrates how to wrap the Pommerman environments such that they can be trained with popular libraries like TensorForce.

#### How do I submit agents that I have trained?

The setup for submitting agents will be live shortly. It involves making a [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/) container that runs your agent. We then read and upload your docker file via Github OAuth. You retain the ownership and license of the agents. We will not look at or use your code; we are just going to run your agent in competitions on our servers. We have an example agent that already works and further instructions are in the games/a/docker directory.

#### Who is running this?

[Cinjon Resnick](http://twitter.com/cinjoncin), [Denny Britz](https://twitter.com/dennybritz), [David Ha](https://twitter.com/hardmaru), and [Jakob Foerster](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jakobfoerster/) are the folks behind this. We are generously supported by a host of other people, including [Kyunghyun Cho](https://twitter.com/kchonyc), [Joan Bruna](https://twitter.com/joanbruna), [Julian Togelius](http://julian.togelius.com/) and [Jason Weston](https://research.fb.com/people/weston-jason/). You can find us in the [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/wjVJEDc).

#### How can I help?

To see the ways you can get invovled with the project head over to our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/MultiAgentLearning/playground/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and checkout our current [issues](https://github.com/MultiAgentLearning/playground/issues).

# Contributing

<<<<<<< HEAD
See [CONTRIBUTING](../CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Code of Conduct

See [CODE OF CONDUCT](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
=======
We welcome contributions through pull request. See [CONTRIBUTING](../CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

# Code of Conduct

We strive for an open community. Please read over our [CODE OF CONDUCT](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
>>>>>>> master
